# Chapter Seven: Final Thoughts
Your journey is now complete. You have covered much ground while reading this book. You started with preparing yourself for the job, traversed the jungle of classroom management, climbed the mountain of teaching the curriculum, and navigated the waters of projects and grading. You have learned much, so the next question is this: where do you go from here?
Now is the time for you to go out and make programmers. Get into classrooms, teach children, make apps, and continue learning. Teaching and learning are neverending journeys, no matter which side of the classroom you are on. You must continue to grow yourself as a teacher and programmer. The tech world is constantly changing. You must learn the new languages and techniques coming out. New research is always being written about child development and classroom management. You will need to modify curriculum as your knowledge grows and students change. I have given you a foundation to build on, not the completed structure.
As for your classes, you must now teach and reflect. The best way to learn is by getting your hands dirty. Teach, reflect, journal, and modify. Your goal should be to improve your class and curriculum. Try new things, make new assignments, teach new topics, and see what works for you and your students. One of the amazing things about teaching is that every class is unique. Even if you have taught the same course for ten years, you will never have the same exact configuration. You will have changed, you will have new students, the environment and administration could have changed, there may be new technology, and any number of other factors. My goal is to never teach the same class twice, as that would mean I hadn't learned anything the previous time around.
I give you these final parting thoughts. These are things I have picked up and figured out for myself over the years, and may they help you in your journey. Be genuine with your students; they will know if you are insincere. Learn to laugh. Joke around with your students and don't be afraid to laugh at yourself when things go wrong. Invest in your students. Get to know them. The better you know your students, the better you can serve them. Finally, look for the good in every student. There is good in everyone, and you must find it and do your best to bring it out.
Now, go and do good things.